.TH "inc/config.h" 3 "18 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "flying-high" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
inc/config.h \- 
.PP
OS configuration defines.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'colors.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSCREEN_WIDTH\fP   80"
.br
.RI "\fIThe width of the screen. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSCREEN_HEIGTH\fP   25"
.br
.RI "\fIThe height of the screen. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSCREEN_SIZE\fP   SCREEN_WIDTH * SCREEN_HEIGTH"
.br
.RI "\fIReal screen size without color attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVIDEO_MEMORY_SIZE\fP   SCREEN_SIZE * 2"
.br
.RI "\fIReal screen size with color attributes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCURSOR_START_COL\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIThe starter column position. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCURSOR_START_ROW\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIThe starter row position. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVIDEO_TAB_STOP\fP   4"
.br
.RI "\fIThe spaces that tab prints. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVIDEO_VTAB_STOP\fP   4"
.br
.RI "\fIThe vertical tab spaces. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCURSOR_START_VISIBLE\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIThe state of the cursor, Visible = 1 v NotVisible = 0. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVIDEO_COLOR\fP   setColor(BLACK, WHITE)"
.br
.RI "\fISet color of letters and screen. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBKEYBOARD_REPETITION\fP   3"
.br
.RI "\fIThe amount of key press repetitions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBENABLED\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIEnabled cursor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDISABLED\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIDisabled cursor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMILISECONDS_PER_TICK\fP   55"
.br
.RI "\fIThe amount of miliseconds per tick. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTICKS_PER_SECOND\fP   18"
.br
.RI "\fIThe amount of ticks in one second. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSTD_TTY\fP   0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_PROCESS\fP   32"
.br
.RI "\fIThe maximum amount of process. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_CHILDS\fP   MAX_PROCESS - 1"
.br
.RI "\fIThe maximum amount of childs that a process could have. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_PROCESS_NAME\fP   36"
.br
.RI "\fIThe maximum length of process name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_PRIORITIES\fP   4"
.br
.RI "\fIThe amount of priority that the system accept. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_TTY\fP   8"
.br
.RI "\fIThe maximum amount of ttys. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_FILES\fP   2"
.br
.RI "\fIThe maximum amount of files. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPAGES_PER_FRAME\fP   8"
.br
.RI "\fIThe amount of pages per frame. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBKERNEL_HEAP_PAGES_QTY\fP   10"
.br
.RI "\fIThe amount of pages that the kernel has in his heap. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_LINE\fP   100"
.br
.RI "\fIThe length of the shell buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBALARM\fP   '\\a'"
.br
.RI "\fIThe alarm control ascii value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBACKSPACE\fP   '\\b'"
.br
.RI "\fIThe backspace control ascii value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLINE_FEED\fP   '\\f'"
.br
.RI "\fIThe line feed control ascii value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNEW_LINE\fP   '\\n'"
.br
.RI "\fIThe new line control ascii value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRETURN\fP   '\\r'"
.br
.RI "\fIThe return control ascii value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTAB\fP   '\\t'"
.br
.RI "\fIThe tabular control ascii value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVTAB\fP   '\\v'"
.br
.RI "\fIThe vertical tab control ascii value. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
OS configuration defines. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Luciano Zemin, Nicolás Magni, Nicolás Purita 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBconfig.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ALARM   '\\a'"
.PP
The alarm control ascii value. 
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file config.h.
.SS "#define BACKSPACE   '\\b'"
.PP
The backspace control ascii value. 
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file config.h.
.SS "#define CURSOR_START_COL   0"
.PP
The starter column position. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file config.h.
.SS "#define CURSOR_START_ROW   0"
.PP
The starter row position. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file config.h.
.SS "#define CURSOR_START_VISIBLE   1"
.PP
The state of the cursor, Visible = 1 v NotVisible = 0. 
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file config.h.
.SS "#define DISABLED   0"
.PP
Disabled cursor. 
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file config.h.
.SS "#define ENABLED   1"
.PP
Enabled cursor. 
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file config.h.
.SS "#define KERNEL_HEAP_PAGES_QTY   10"
.PP
The amount of pages that the kernel has in his heap. 
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file config.h.
.SS "#define KEYBOARD_REPETITION   3"
.PP
The amount of key press repetitions. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file config.h.
.SS "#define LINE_FEED   '\\f'"
.PP
The line feed control ascii value. 
.PP
Definition at line 165 of file config.h.
.SS "#define MAX_CHILDS   MAX_PROCESS - 1"
.PP
The maximum amount of childs that a process could have. 
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file config.h.
.SS "#define MAX_FILES   2"
.PP
The maximum amount of files. 
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file config.h.
.SS "#define MAX_LINE   100"
.PP
The length of the shell buffer. 
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file config.h.
.SS "#define MAX_PRIORITIES   4"
.PP
The amount of priority that the system accept. 
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file config.h.
.SS "#define MAX_PROCESS   32"
.PP
The maximum amount of process. 
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file config.h.
.SS "#define MAX_PROCESS_NAME   36"
.PP
The maximum length of process name. 
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file config.h.
.SS "#define MAX_TTY   8"
.PP
The maximum amount of ttys. 
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file config.h.
.SS "#define MILISECONDS_PER_TICK   55"
.PP
The amount of miliseconds per tick. 
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file config.h.
.SS "#define NEW_LINE   '\\n'"
.PP
The new line control ascii value. 
.PP
Definition at line 170 of file config.h.
.SS "#define PAGES_PER_FRAME   8"
.PP
The amount of pages per frame. 
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file config.h.
.SS "#define RETURN   '\\r'"
.PP
The return control ascii value. 
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file config.h.
.SS "#define SCREEN_HEIGTH   25"
.PP
The height of the screen. 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file config.h.
.SS "#define SCREEN_SIZE   SCREEN_WIDTH * SCREEN_HEIGTH"
.PP
Real screen size without color attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file config.h.
.SS "#define SCREEN_WIDTH   80"
.PP
The width of the screen. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file config.h.
.SS "#define STD_TTY   0"
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file config.h.
.SS "#define TAB   '\\t'"
.PP
The tabular control ascii value. 
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file config.h.
.SS "#define TICKS_PER_SECOND   18"
.PP
The amount of ticks in one second. 
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file config.h.
.SS "#define VIDEO_COLOR   setColor(BLACK, WHITE)"
.PP
Set color of letters and screen. 
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file config.h.
.SS "#define VIDEO_MEMORY_SIZE   SCREEN_SIZE * 2"
.PP
Real screen size with color attributes. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file config.h.
.SS "#define VIDEO_TAB_STOP   4"
.PP
The spaces that tab prints. 
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file config.h.
.SS "#define VIDEO_VTAB_STOP   4"
.PP
The vertical tab spaces. 
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file config.h.
.SS "#define VTAB   '\\v'"
.PP
The vertical tab control ascii value. 
.PP
Definition at line 185 of file config.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for flying-high from the source code.
