.TH "inc/io.h" 3 "18 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "flying-high" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
inc/io.h \- 
.PP
Declaration of functions and constants related with direct access to hardware.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBVIDEO_MEMORY_ADDRESS\fP   (void *)0xB8000"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinportb\fP (int port)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function grabs the value stored in the given port. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoutportb\fP (int port, int value)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function stores the given value in the given port. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Declaration of functions and constants related with direct access to hardware. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Luciano Zemin, Nicolás Magni, Nicolás Purita 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBio.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define VIDEO_MEMORY_ADDRESS   (void *)0xB8000"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file io.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int inportb (int port)"
.PP
This function grabs the value stored in the given port. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIport\fP The desired port number. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
This function returns an int instance with the value obtained.
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
                     int value;
                        value = inport(0x60);
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
outport() 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void outportb (int port, int value)"
.PP
This function stores the given value in the given port. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIport\fP Desired port number. 
.br
\fIvalue\fP Desired value to set.
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
                     outport (0x64, 0x31)
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
inport() 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for flying-high from the source code.
