.TH "inc/rand.h" 3 "18 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "flying-high" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
inc/rand.h \- 
.PP
Random number generation module.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'syscall.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRAND_MAX\fP   42949679"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBtimeRand\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function loads the amount of ticks. It uses a system call. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrand\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGenerates a random number with a linear equation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsrand\fP (unsigned int seedP)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the seed to generate random numbers. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Random number generation module. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Luciano Zemin, Nicolás Magni, Nicolás Purita 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBrand.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define RAND_MAX   42949679"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file rand.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int rand ()"
.PP
Generates a random number with a linear equation. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A random number
.RE
.PP
Use: 
.PP
.nf
                       int ran = rand();

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file rand.c.
.SS "void srand (unsigned int seedP)"
.PP
Sets the seed to generate random numbers. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIseedP\fP The seed to be set.
.RE
.PP
Use: 
.PP
.nf
                 srand(timeRand());

.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 26 of file rand.c.
.SS "unsigned int timeRand ()"
.PP
This function loads the amount of ticks. It uses a system call. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The amount of tick
.RE
.PP
Use: 
.PP
.nf
                        srand(timeRand());

.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
_system_uptime 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 13 of file rand.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for flying-high from the source code.
