.TH "inc/stdio.h" 3 "18 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "flying-high" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
inc/stdio.h \- 
.PP
Definitions for all standard input and output and declaration of all functions to send/recive data to/from standar input/output.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'string.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'unistd.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'types.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEOF\fP   -1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBstdin\fP   (\fBrunningProcess\fP->files[STDIN])"
.br
.RI "\fIstdin stream define. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBstdout\fP   (\fBrunningProcess\fP->files[STDOUT])"
.br
.RI "\fIstdout stream define. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBputs\fP(str)   fputs((str), stdout)"
.br
.RI "\fIputs function define. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBputchar\fP(c)   fputc((c), stdout)"
.br
.RI "\fIputchar function define. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBgetchar\fP()   fgetc(stdin)"
.br
.RI "\fIgetchar function define. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBputi\fP(i)   fputi((i), stdout)"
.br
.RI "\fIputi function define. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBputx\fP(num)   fputx((num), stdout)"
.br
.RI "\fIputx function define. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfputi\fP (int i, \fBFILE\fP *stream)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrites the given integer to the given stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfputx\fP (int i, \fBFILE\fP *stream)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrites the given integer as in hexadecimal format into the given stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfputs\fP (const char *s, \fBFILE\fP *stream)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrites the given string to the given stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfputc\fP (int c, \fBFILE\fP *stream)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrites the given character to the given stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBfgets\fP (char *s, int size, \fBFILE\fP *stream)"
.br
.RI "\fIReads a string of the given size from the given stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfgetc\fP (\fBFILE\fP *stream)"
.br
.RI "\fIReads a character ascii from the given stream and returns it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBflush\fP (\fBFILE\fP *stream)"
.br
.RI "\fIFlushes the given stream. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBprocess_t\fP * \fBrunningProcess\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definitions for all standard input and output and declaration of all functions to send/recive data to/from standar input/output. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Luciano Zemin, Nicolás Magni, Nicolás Purita 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBstdio.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define EOF   -1"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file stdio.h.
.SS "#define getchar()   fgetc(stdin)"
.PP
getchar function define. 
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file stdio.h.
.SS "#define putchar(c)   fputc((c), stdout)"
.PP
putchar function define. 
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file stdio.h.
.SS "#define puti(i)   fputi((i), stdout)"
.PP
puti function define. 
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file stdio.h.
.SS "#define puts(str)   fputs((str), stdout)"
.PP
puts function define. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file stdio.h.
.SS "#define putx(num)   fputx((num), stdout)"
.PP
putx function define. 
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file stdio.h.
.SS "#define stdin   (\fBrunningProcess\fP->files[STDIN])"
.PP
stdin stream define. 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file stdio.h.
.SS "#define stdout   (\fBrunningProcess\fP->files[STDOUT])"
.PP
stdout stream define. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file stdio.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int fgetc (\fBFILE\fP * stream)"
.PP
Reads a character ascii from the given stream and returns it. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstream\fP The stream where to read the character from.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The ascii from the read character.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfputc()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 53 of file stdio.c.
.SS "char * fgets (char * s, int size, \fBFILE\fP * stream)"
.PP
Reads a string of the given size from the given stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP A pointer to the buffer where to write the string to. 
.br
\fIsize\fP The ammount of bytes to be read. 
.br
\fIstream\fP The stream where to read the string from.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, -1 on error.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfputs()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 77 of file stdio.c.
.SS "void flush (\fBFILE\fP * stream)"
.PP
Flushes the given stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstream\fP The stream to be flushed. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file stdio.c.
.SS "int fputc (int c, \fBFILE\fP * stream)"
.PP
Writes the given character to the given stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP The character ascii to be written. 
.br
\fIstream\fP The stream where to write the character to.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, -1 on error.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfgetc()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 44 of file stdio.c.
.SS "int fputi (int i, \fBFILE\fP * stream)"
.PP
Writes the given integer to the given stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP The integer to write. 
.br
\fIstream\fP The stream where to write to.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, -1 on error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 16 of file stdio.c.
.SS "int fputs (const char * s, \fBFILE\fP * stream)"
.PP
Writes the given string to the given stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP A null terminate string to be written. 
.br
\fIstream\fP The stream where to write the string.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, -1 on error.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfgets()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 66 of file stdio.c.
.SS "int fputx (int num, \fBFILE\fP * stream)"
.PP
Writes the given integer as in hexadecimal format into the given stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInum\fP The number to bw written. 
.br
\fIstream\fP The stream where to write the number to.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, -1 on error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 25 of file stdio.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBprocess_t\fP* \fBrunningProcess\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file sysProcess.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for flying-high from the source code.
