.TH "src/bin.c" 3 "18 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "flying-high" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/bin.c \- 
.PP
All the OS processes.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'bin.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP (void *args)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis functions initialize the welcome process, all the shells and goodbye process. If you kill the process init the system will be rebooted. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtop\fP (char *args)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function show what percentage of the microprocessor it is using each process. When you write the command top in the shell, the process top will be created. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwelcome\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function just prints the welcome message to Flying-High OS. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgoodbye\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function just says goodbye and reboots the system. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintA\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function prints infinite A letters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintB\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis functions prints infinite A letters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnothing\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function only consumes the microprocessor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpageFault\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function generates a page fault exception. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBprocess_t\fP * \fBprocessTable\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
All the OS processes. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Luciano Zemin, Nicolás Magni, Nicolás Purita 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBbin.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void goodbye ()"
.PP
This function just says goodbye and reboots the system. Use: 
.PP
.nf
                    createProcess('goodbye', (void(*)(void *))goodbye, NULL, FOREGROUND);

.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 260 of file bin.c.
.SS "void init (void * args)"
.PP
This functions initialize the welcome process, all the shells and goodbye process. If you kill the process init the system will be rebooted. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargs\fP 
.RE
.PP
Use: 
.PP
.nf
                 initMultitasker(init);

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file bin.c.
.SS "void nothing ()"
.PP
This function only consumes the microprocessor. Use: 
.PP
.nf
                  createProcess('nothing', (void(*)(void *))nothing, NULL, FOREGROUND)

.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 308 of file bin.c.
.SS "void pageFault ()"
.PP
This function generates a page fault exception. Use: 
.PP
.nf
                       createProcess('pageFault', (void(*)(void *))pageFault, NULL, FOREGROUND)

.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 317 of file bin.c.
.SS "void printA ()"
.PP
This function prints infinite A letters. Use: 
.PP
.nf
                  createProcess('printA', (void(*)(void *))printA, NULL, FOREGROUND)

.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 291 of file bin.c.
.SS "void printB ()"
.PP
This functions prints infinite A letters. Use: 
.PP
.nf
                  createProcess('printB', (void(*)(void *))printB, NULL, FOREGROUND)

.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 300 of file bin.c.
.SS "void top (char * args)"
.PP
This function show what percentage of the microprocessor it is using each process. When you write the command top in the shell, the process top will be created. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargs\fP Use: 
.PP
.nf
                  createProcess('top', (void(*)(void *))top, NULL, FOREGROUND);

.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file bin.c.
.SS "void welcome ()"
.PP
This function just prints the welcome message to Flying-High OS. Use: 
.PP
.nf
                  createProcess('welcome', (void(*)(void *))welcome, NULL, FOREGROUND)

.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 217 of file bin.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBprocess_t\fP* \fBprocessTable\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file sysProcess.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for flying-high from the source code.
