.TH "src/kMalloc.c" 3 "18 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "flying-high" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/kMalloc.c \- 
.PP
The kernel malloc module.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include '../inc/kMalloc.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBkFree\fP (void *ap)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function calls sysFree, that leaves the kernel memory to be used by Kalloc in future calls. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBkMalloc\fP (\fBsize_t\fP nbytes)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis funtion calls sysMalloc that gives the request size of memory. This is given from the kernel memory. On error returns null. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBkRealloc\fP (void *ap, \fBsize_t\fP size)"
.br
.RI "\fICalls sysRealloc, that changes the size of the original. It returns null if there is not enough memory. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The kernel malloc module. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Luciano Zemin, Nicolás Magni, Nicolás Purita 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBkMalloc.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void kFree (void * ap)"
.PP
This function calls sysFree, that leaves the kernel memory to be used by Kalloc in future calls. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIap\fP The kernel memory position that will be freed.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBkMalloc()\fP \fBkRealloc()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 28 of file kMalloc.c.
.SS "void* kMalloc (\fBsize_t\fP nbytes)"
.PP
This funtion calls sysMalloc that gives the request size of memory. This is given from the kernel memory. On error returns null. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInbytes\fP The memory size that would be returned, this is allways kernel memory.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns the logic memory position, with continious memory to use.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBkFree()\fP \fBkRealloc()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file kMalloc.c.
.SS "void* kRealloc (void * ap, \fBsize_t\fP size)"
.PP
Calls sysRealloc, that changes the size of the original. It returns null if there is not enough memory. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIap\fP The logic memory position that wold be extended. 
.br
\fIsize\fP The new size that would be used to increase the ap segment memory.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The new memory address that has a continuous segment of kernel memory.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBkFree()\fP \fBkMalloc()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file kMalloc.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for flying-high from the source code.
