.TH "inc/shMemory.h" 3 "18 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "flying-high" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
inc/shMemory.h \- 
.PP
The shared memory IPC module.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'semaphore.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBIPC_RMID\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBIPC_SET\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBIPC_STAT\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBIPC_CREAT\fP   4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBIPC_PRIVATE\fP   5"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_SHMEMS\fP   8"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX_SHMAPPN\fP   MAX_PROCESS"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBshmget\fP (\fBkey_t\fP key, int size)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets a new shared memory with the given key and size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBshmat\fP (int shmid, \fBkey_t\fP *semid)"
.br
.RI "\fIAttaches the current process to the shmid shared memory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBshmdt\fP (int shmid)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetaches the current process form the shmid shared memory segment. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitializeShMems\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes all the shared memories. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The shared memory IPC module. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Luciano Zemin, Nicolás Magni, Nicolás Purita 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBshMemory.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define IPC_CREAT   4"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file shMemory.h.
.SS "#define IPC_PRIVATE   5"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file shMemory.h.
.SS "#define IPC_RMID   1"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file shMemory.h.
.SS "#define IPC_SET   2"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file shMemory.h.
.SS "#define IPC_STAT   3"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file shMemory.h.
.SS "#define MAX_SHMAPPN   MAX_PROCESS"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file shMemory.h.
.SS "#define MAX_SHMEMS   8"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file shMemory.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void initializeShMems ()"
.PP
Initializes all the shared memories. 
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file shMemory.c.
.SS "char * shmat (int shmid, \fBkey_t\fP * semid)"
.PP
Attaches the current process to the shmid shared memory. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIshmid\fP The id of the shared memory segment. 
.br
\fIsemid\fP A pointer to a key_t variable where to store the shared memory inner semaphore id.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the shared memory space.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBshmget()\fP \fBshmdt()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file shMemory.c.
.SS "int shmdt (int shmid)"
.PP
Detaches the current process form the shmid shared memory segment. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIshmid\fP The id of the shared memory segment.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, -1 on error.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBshmget()\fP \fBshmat()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 39 of file shMemory.c.
.SS "int shmget (\fBkey_t\fP key, int size)"
.PP
Gets a new shared memory with the given key and size. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIkey\fP The key for the shared memory segment. 
.br
\fIsize\fP The shared memory size.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The id of the shared memory on success, -1 on error.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBshmat()\fP \fBshmdt()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 31 of file shMemory.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for flying-high from the source code.
